So we built our robot and it worked well. We completely followed the manual, and after finishing our robot, we decided to add some extra stuff/ fix up some minor problems that didnt affect the robot too much. Our clawbot also has a claw that is slightly different from everyone elses, as we could not find the right parts we need to build it correctly. Because of this we ended up building a custom claw that still functions and works like it should. We made our code carefully to complete the stacking challenge without any challenges or problems, we made sure measure each distance that our clawbot had to drive and calculate the angles that it would have to turn to be able to grab the cube without knocking it over. After we finished the code, we made sure to double check everything and then test it out, to which it worked. For us the task was kind of easy. The coding worked well and we were able to do it without many problems as so with most of the building of the clawbot. But there were also quite a bit of parts that we struggled on, the main one being the claw/end of building the robot. We were not able to find the right parts for the claw and some other parts for the clawbot so we had to make do with what we had. We tried to make the claw work with the parts that we had but it took a while as it would keep falling or getting loose, though eventually we were able to fix it. Other than that the only other thing that we found somewhat challenging was connecting the clawbot brain and controller to my computer because it didnt work when we first tried to do it. The clawbot stacking challenge was overall a fun assignment and it was very enjoyable and exciting to do.
